Documentation update: inlcude snap to documentation (#2753)
opossum-tool/OpossumUI: README.md

#### Linux

#### AppImage

Run the executable _OpossumUI-for-linux.AppImage_.

Note that for ubuntu versions 22.04+ you will run into a sandboxing issue with app images (see this [electron github issue](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/41066) for details). This can be circumvented by opening the application with the `--no-sandbox` flag:

```shell
./OpossumUI-for-linux.AppImage --no-sandbox
```

> #### snap

Reviewer: that the app is available via the snap store comes later?

Author: Exactly

Install the snap file locally using

```shell
snap install ./OpossumUI-for-linux.snap --dangerous
```

> Open Opossum UI via the start menu of your distribution (should be in the `development` category) or by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open OpossumUI via the start menu of your distribution (should be in the `development` category) or by running
```
